Document how to create custom routes for applications (#55)
epinio/docs: src/howtos/custom-routes.md

# Custom Routes

Epinio has the concept of a "system domain". This domain is set when installing
Epinio (with the `domain` helm value). It must be a [wildcard domain](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wildcard_DNS_record) and is used in 3 different cases:

> - To create a URL for the Epinio API server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To create an URL for the Epinio API server
```

Author: I think a/an is chosen based on the "sound" of the next word not whether is a vowel or a consonant: https://whatis.techtarget.com/feature/Which-is-correct-a-URL-or-an-URL

Reviewer: Ok. I had it sounded out as `an url`, not as `a you-are-ell`, i.e. I did no speak spelling.

> - To create a URL for the Epinio registry, when it's running inside the cluster (Optional)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To create an URL for the Epinio registry, when it's running inside the cluster (Optional)
```

- To create URLs for the applications deployed with Epinio (also known as "Routes")

> For example, if you deployed Epinio with `domain` set to `myawesomedomain.org`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if Epinio was deployed with `domain` set to `myawesomedomain.org`:
```

> - Epinio API would be accessed at `https://epinio.myawesomedomain.org`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Epinio API would be accessible at `https://epinio.myawesomedomain.org`
```

> - Epinio registry would be `https://epinio-registry.myawesomedomain.org`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Epinio registry would be accessible at `https://epinio-registry.myawesomedomain.org`
```

and an application named "myapp" would be accessible at: `myapp.myawesomedomain.org`

> This requires zero setup for each application but it is sometimes needed to add

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This requires zero setup for each application. However, sometimes it is needed or desired to add
```

> a custom domain, a dedicated one to your application. Let's assume the ap

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a custom domain, dedicated to the application. Let's assume that the application
```

above must also be accessible on `https://i-own-this-awesome-domain.org`. 

> You can add this domain to your application with the command below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add this domain to your application with the command below:
```

```
epinio app update sample --route i-own-this-awesome-domain.org
```

> If you want to keep the original route too, you need to specify that explicitly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__Attention__, this removed the original route! To keep it, it has to be explicitly specified:
```
